my name is David Gannon
I always felt I was destined for a life
of adventure it didn't quite pan out
that way until I met miss Kelly Campbell
don't speak even with us what would you
do with a million dollars let me start
my own business maybe be a bounty hunter
yes
you don't put captain Oh God that bullet
just went straight between your cheeks
yeah feels like it just grazed my
biscuits rather betwixt them Kelly tells
me you all work together over a limbless
that strikes me as an incredible
opportunity you talk about robbing a
bike I walk in it be you load up a truck
and you drive away police are calling it
one of the largest cash heist ever
authorities are now searching for this
man appearances of disguise how made for
you
$16 78 cents it looks like if Jesus and
cat had a baby 17 million this 17 I know
you're just too good man doing a
difficult job
it's time to cut David Gant from the TV
we can't do this this is wrong
so who y'all want me to kill whoa not
now not in front of is one of them
no boys go upstairs right now see all a
little bit
David Kant is here for revenge
I stayed I guess you just met me what
are you gonna say
brace your boobies
sometimes the only way out is through
they gotta learn the presents just don't
show up under a Christmas tree I mean
I'd like to see these turkeys go out and
earn seventeen million dollars